SYN-4307: Updates/corrections for Synthetics browser test advanced settings (#1503)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: synthetics/browser-test/set-up-browser-test.rst

Custom headers can be used to set cookies, but we recommend using the Cookies settings instead outlined in the section below.

.. _browser-cookies:

Cookies
-------------

Set cookies in the browser before the test starts. For example, your site may respond to a cookie to circumvent a popup modal from randomly appearing and interfering with your test flow.

To set a cookie, a key and value must be provided. A domain and path may optionally be provided to only apply the cookie to requests to the given domain and/or path. By default, the cookie will aply to the to the domain of the starting URL of the check and all paths on that domain. Splunk Synthetics Monitoring uses the :new-page:`public suffix list <https://publicsuffix.org/>` to determine the domain.

.. _browser-host-overrides:

Host overrides
---------------------------------------
Add host override rules to reroute requests from one host to another. For example, you can create a host override to test an existing production site against page resources loaded from a development site or a specific CDN edge node.

> You can also indicate whether to retain the original HOST header by enabling "Keep host headers". If enabled, the original request's headers remain intact (recommended). If disabled, a change in the HOST header to the new host might occur, potentiallly leading to an internal direct (307). It is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also indicate whether to retain the original HOST header by activating :strong:`Keep host headers`. If activated, the original request's headers remain intact (recommended). If deactivated, a change in the HOST header to the new host might occur, potentially leading to an internal direct (307). It is activated by default.
```
